[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: I don't know about you,
but I find interacting or
writing my code inside script tags
a little gross, because it is.
So what we're gonna do is we're actually
gonna pull this out into a separate script
file right now.
So you're free to just cut
all of this if you want.
And then we're going to
create a new folder.
So I'm just gonna do it here, New Folder.
Call it JS.
>> Brian Holt: And
then inside JS here,
I'm gonna make a new file.
I'm gonna call it ClientApp.js.
>> Brian Holt: It's gonna
put everything in there.
>> Brian Holt: As
just a quick aside, I use Sublime, so
I'm gonna show people that are using
Sublime just a little useful trick.
Unfortunately I don't know useful
tricks for any other editor.
If you Shift+Command+P and you can
say install package up here, right,
if you have package control,
which if you're using Sublime,
you should really be
using package control.
And then you wanna install
install the babel package.
I already have it installed so
I'll just show you what it looks like.
>> Brian Holt: This one right here,
syntax definitions for
EX6 JavaScript with React JSX extensions.
Go ahead and install that one, and
your syntax highlighting is gonna be
way better throughout all of today.
So, if you're using them,
I've heard it's a real pain in the butt
to get it to play nicely with JSX and
ES6, so good luck.
And I believe that there is a babel
package for Adam that also works just as
well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: And everything will still
work if you don't have that,
it's just that your syntax highlighting
might look a little weird sometimes.
Okay, so now we've put all this inside of
ClientApp.js.
>> Brian Holt: And we created the JS
directory, we put in ClientApp.js,
>> Brian Holt: And
back here, we're going to delete all that.
And where it was, we're just gonna
put now another source here.
src="js/ClientApp.js"
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So now, hopefully,
if we refresh again.
It still works still works, right,
it still works the way we expect it to.
>> Speaker 2: Question.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Is there a reason you
put the JS folder outside
the public directory?
>> Brian Holt: The reason is
eventually we're going to be serving
things in the public directory and
we're gonna be storing all of
our source in the JS directory.
So things in JS will not
necessarily be served later.
That's a good question, and
another aside I'll say is that
this is not necessarily a great
workshop for code organization.
So definitely don't take this as gospel
as the way to organize all of your code.
I find that I'm ultimately always
dissatisfied with the way I organize code.
Like as soon as I get far enough down the
road, it's like I'm an idiot, right, and
so I just embrace the oblivion, I guess.
[LAUGH]